const faq = {
  "how should i prepare for ai and ml interviews": "Rath Shetty advises starting with strong fundamentals in statistics, machine learning algorithms, and coding in Python. He also emphasizes system design and behavioral preparation to align with real-world challenges and cultural fit.",
  "what are the most common ml interview questions": "They include questions on supervised vs unsupervised learning, model evaluation metrics like precision and recall, overfitting, and how to handle imbalanced datasets. Shetty provides examples and coding challenges for each.",
  "how should i explain my ai projects in interviews": "Focus on problem definition, your role, the models used, results achieved, and lessons learned. Use the STAR method (Situation, Task, Action, Result) for behavioral questions and tailor technical answers to the company’s domain.",
  "what's the best way to approach system design for ai": "Shetty recommends breaking it down into data ingestion, storage, training pipeline, model serving, monitoring, and feedback loop. Each layer should include justifications for tech choices, scalability, and tradeoffs.",
  "how important are llms in today's ai interviews": "Very important. Shetty includes questions around transformer architecture, attention mechanisms, fine-tuning, and use cases like chatbots or summarization. Candidates are expected to understand both the concepts and their practical applications.",
  "what is digital fragmentation": "Digital fragmentation refers to the disconnected nature of systems, data sources, and workflows within an organization. Steve Lucas explains that this fragmentation limits the value of AI and digital transformation because systems can't communicate effectively. Breaking down silos through integration is a core principle in achieving successful transformation.",
  "why does integration matter in digital transformation": "Integration is essential because it connects various data sources and systems, enabling seamless automation and decision-making. Steve Lucas emphasizes that without integration, organizations cannot achieve the agility or intelligence AI promises.",
  "how can organizations center humans in ai-driven transformation": "Lucas argues that organizations should build digital experiences that improve lives, not just optimize processes. This involves transparency, ethical data use, and designing tools that empower users rather than replace them.",
  "what are the dangers of data silos": "Data silos trap valuable information in isolated systems. Steve Lucas points out that these silos lead to inefficiencies, poor decision-making, and reduced innovation. AI systems trained on siloed data are less accurate and more biased.",
  "what role does ethics play in ai according to steve lucas": "Ethics is foundational. AI systems must be designed with fairness, accountability, and transparency in mind. Lucas advocates for frameworks that keep human dignity and societal impact at the forefront of AI development.",
};